##pat-pickadate

A Patternslib pattern which wraps the [Pickadate](http://amsul.ca/pickadate.js/) library.

##demo

To view a demo of how this pattern works, clone the repository:

    git clone https://github.com/Patternslib/pat-masonry.git

The run the Makefile:

    make

And then in your browser open: http://localhost:4001

## Documentation

Property                    | Type   | Default Value                       | Description
----------------------------|--------|-------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------
date                        | object |                                     | Date widget options described here. If false is selected date picker wont be shown.
time                        | object |                                     | Time widget options described here. If false is selected time picker wont be shown.
separator                   | string |                                     | Separator between date and time if both are enabled.
class-clear-name            | string | 'pattern-pickadate-clear'           | Class name of element that is generated by pattern.
class-date-name             | string | 'pattern-pickadate-date'            | Class applied to date input.
class-date-wrapper-name     | string | 'pattern-pickadate-date-wrapper'    | Class applied to extra wrapper div around date input.
class-separator-name        | string | 'pattern-pickadate-separator'       | Class applied to separator.
class-time-name             | string | 'pattern-pickadate-time'            | Class applied to time input.
class-time-wrapper-name     | string | 'pattern-pickadate-time-wrapper'    | Class applied to wrapper div around time input.
class-timezone-name         | string | 'pattern-pickadate-timezone'        | Class applied to timezone input.
class-timezone-wrapper-name | string | 'pattern-pickadate-timezone-wrapper'| Class applied to wrapper div around timezone input.
class-wrapper-name          | string | 'pattern-pickadate-wrapper'         | Class name of element that is generated by pattern.


Camel case options are also available, to keep compatibility with [Mockup](https://github.com/plone/mockup) patterns.

Property                 | Type   | Default Value                       | Description
-------------------------|--------|-------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------
classClearName           | string | 'pattern-pickadate-clear'           | Class name of element that is generated by pattern.
classDateName            | string | 'pattern-pickadate-date'            | Class applied to date input.
classDateWrapperName     | string | 'pattern-pickadate-date-wrapper'    | Class applied to extra wrapper div around date input.
classSeparatorName       | string | 'pattern-pickadate-separator'       | Class applied to separator.
classTimeName            | string | 'pattern-pickadate-time'            | Class applied to time input.
classTimeWrapperName     | string | 'pattern-pickadate-time-wrapper'    | Class applied to wrapper div around time input.
classTimezoneName        | string | 'pattern-pickadate-timezone'        | Class applied to timezone input.
classTimezoneWrapperName | string | 'pattern-pickadate-timezone-wrapper'| Class applied to wrapper div around timezone input.
classWrapperName         | string | 'pattern-pickadate-wrapper'         | Class name of element that is generated by pattern.
